docs: add in memory to documentation as list of supported vector index (#1607)
docarray/docarray: docs/user_guide/storing/first_step.md

DocArray's Document Index concept achieves this by providing a unified interface to a number of [vector databases](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/semantic-kernel/concepts-ai/vectordb).
In fact, you can think of Document Index as an **[ORM](https://sqlmodel.tiangolo.com/db-to-code/) for vector databases**.

> Currently, DocArray supports the following vector indexes. Some of them wrap a Vector Databases (Weaviate, Qdrant, ElasticSearch) acting as a client for them, while others
> use a vector search library locally (HNSWLib, Exact NN search):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, DocArray supports the following vector indexes. Some of them wrap vector databases (Weaviate, Qdrant, ElasticSearch) and act as a client for them, while others
use a vector search library locally (HNSWLib, Exact NN search):
```
